Hello everyone, I am Evgeny black
and recently I called the site came across
question what kind of person asked
communication did not even ask expressed his
the opinion that books are no longer needed and that
why read books if you can now
watch films
And in hd quality and it is a little
strained
and in this video I want to tell
several reasons why it is worth reading
books let's start when you read
return good authors who are good and
write beautifully you yourself start beautifully
speak and express better
after all agree much more interesting
talk to a man who
competently and beautifully expresses his thoughts
people who read a lot will always
lead people who prefer
reading some interesting book
views of a movie the same
the most with television tv never
develops your mental ability
TV tupit and zombies read
the book is always much better
watched movie why you ask
because your fantasies are not
restrictions on special effects you can
create your own heroes yourself
which characters you like and on which
you will be pleased to watch you do not me
believe try to read any
book and then look at the film version
this book and you will be disappointed
because there is no better director than
your imagination the more you read
the less you look like other people
less you imitate other people can
divide people into two types of those who
reads books and those who listen to those who
reading books
the more you read the more you
gaining knowledge speak in order to
become smart you need to read 10 15 books
but to find those 10 or 15 books
for this you need to read thousands
books books inspires and motivates on
improving in yourself and creating the best
results book helps to find a way out
from any situation reading books you can
find the perfect self image in
any
and subsequently embody this image in
books form a worldview by reading
the right book man forms himself
so I hope I made you believe in
what books need to be read and useful, and I
I hope you will too much
readers to engage in self-development
remember what you are
is what you read burn
books from crime but there is
crimes are much worse than burning
books it did not read books with you was
evgeny black
if you like this video put
me thumbs up subscribe to my
channel and see you soon